# Borg Services/Timers
borg-print-scanner.service  -> borg-print-scanner.timer
borg-root-ca.service        -> borg-root-ca.timer
borg-intermediate-ca.service-> borg-intermediate-ca.timer
borg-responder-auth.service -> borg-responder-auth.timer
borg-authentication.service -> borg-authentication.timer
borg-database.service       -> borg-database.timer
borg-web.service            -> borg-web.timer
borg-email.service          -> borg-email.timer
borg-license.service        -> borg-license.timer
borg-n8n-automation.service -> borg-n8n-automation.timer
borg-camera.service         -> borg-camera.timer
borg-video.service          -> borg-video.timer
borg-game.service           -> borg-game.timer
borg-music.service          -> borg-music.timer
borg-config-mgmt.service    -> borg-config-mgmt.timer
borg-comn.service           -> borg-comn.timer
borg-ci-cd.service          -> borg-ci-cd.timer
borg-monitoring.service     -> borg-monitoring.timer
borg-logging.service        -> borg-logging.timer
borg-load-balancer.service  -> borg-load-balancer.timer
borg-dev-test.service       -> borg-dev-test.timer
borg-firewall-vpn.service   -> borg-firewall-vpn.timer
borg-proxy.service          -> borg-proxy.timer
borg-siem.service           -> borg-siem.timer
borg-dhcp.service           -> borg-dhcp.timer

# Restic Services/Timers
restic-print-scanner.service  -> restic-print-scanner.timer
restic-root-ca.service        -> restic-root-ca.timer
restic-intermediate-ca.service-> restic-intermediate-ca.timer
restic-responder-auth.service -> restic-responder-auth.timer
restic-authentication.service -> restic-authentication.timer
restic-database.service       -> restic-database.timer
restic-web.service            -> restic-web.timer
restic-email.service          -> restic-email.timer
restic-license.service        -> restic-license.timer
restic-n8n-automation.service -> restic-n8n-automation.timer
restic-camera.service         -> restic-camera.timer
restic-video.service          -> restic-video.timer
restic-game.service           -> restic-game.timer
restic-music.service          -> restic-music.timer
restic-config-mgmt.service    -> restic-config-mgmt.timer
restic-comn.service           -> restic-comn.timer
restic-ci-cd.service          -> restic-ci-cd.timer
restic-monitoring.service     -> restic-monitoring.timer
restic-logging.service        -> restic-logging.timer
restic-load-balancer.service  -> restic-load-balancer.timer
restic-dev-test.service       -> restic-dev-test.timer
restic-firewall-vpn.service   -> restic-firewall-vpn.timer
restic-proxy.service          -> restic-proxy.timer
restic-siem.service           -> restic-siem.timer
restic-dhcp.service           -> restic-dhcp.timer
